feat: add body scroll locking feature (#4)
moxystudio/react-navigation: README.md

A concern that came from the proposed solution was that every single website has different designs for a navbar or a drawer. Although this is true, their behaviour is usually the same. So, the solution should only deal with logic and behaviours while giving total freedom of the content that is rendered.

> ⚠️ **Note:** If you are using this package on a `Layout` component that doesn't unmount/remount on each page change, you will probably need to listen to router events so that you make sure you close the drawer even if the page change is triggered by the browser history buttons.

Reviewer: Should we document how it can done at least with Next.js? 🤔

Author: I didn't do it because this is an open package and that would be too specific. Either way, the main purpose of this kind of packages is to help us out at Moxy. Thus, I think I can add an example right below this note on how to do it with Next.js.

Reviewer: Yeah, I thought as much. This module is primarily intended for us, that's why I've made the suggestion. Furthermore, with instructions in place on how to integrate with Next.js we can save some developer's time.

> ⚠️ **Note:** If you are using this package on a `Layout` component that doesn't unmount/remount on each page change, you will probably need to listen to router events so that you make sure you close the drawer even if the page change is triggered by the browser history buttons. See [Router Events](#router-events) section to check how it can be done for Next.js projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **Note:** If you are using this package with `[@moxy/next-layout](https://github.com/moxystudio/next-layout)`, where `Layout` components don't unmount on each page change, beware you will have to listen to router events to make sure the drawer closes even if the page change is triggered by the browser's history buttons. See [Handling router events](#handling-router-events) section to check how it can be done in Next.js projects.
```

import '@moxy/react-navigation/dist/index.css';
```

> ### Router events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling router events
```

Taking `MyNavigationHelper` component as example:

```js
import { useRouter } from 'next/router';

const MyNavigationHelper = () => {
    const router = useRouter();

    const {
        drawer: {
            open: openDrawer,
            close: closeDrawer,
            toggle: toggleDrawer,
            isOpen: isDrawerOpen,
        }
    } = useNavigation();

    useEffect(() => {
        const handleRouteChange = () => {
            closeDrawer();
        };

        router.events.on('routeChangeStart', handleRouteChange);

        return () => {
            router.events.off('routeChangeStart', handleRouteChange);
        };
    }, [closeDrawer, router.events]);

    return (
        <>
            <span>{ `Is Drawer Open?  ${isDrawerOpen}` }</span>
            <button onClick={ openDrawer }>Open Drawer</button>
            <button onClick={ closeDrawer }>Close Drawer</button>
            <button onClick={ toggleDrawer }>Toggle Drawer</button>
        </>
    );
}
```

> We are listening `routeChangeStart` event for the sake of this example. You can check [here](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/router#routerevents) a complete list of the supported events for the Next.js Router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are listening to `routeChangeStart` event for the sake of this example. You can check [here](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/router#routerevents) a complete list of the supported events for the Next.js Router.
```
